This is a fake.
I have seen the secret order of Senluo Hall
It's engraved with a forest.
This night, the general is serving as the left hand in Senluo Hall
General Night's secret order is the left character
It is said that Senluo Hall also has a right hand
It's engraved on the right.
This is the secret order of the king
Unheard of
Absolutely boring
The pattern on this secret order is quite similar
Almost got us over there
You crazy woman is so bold
How dare you forge the secrets of Shenluo Temple without permission?
Did you know
The Shinra Temple is the stone protecting the country
As soon as the secret order comes out
Enough to gather 100,000 tribes across the country
You can even deploy a million troops at the border
Forger
Death is inevitable
I told you
He can enter Yingfeng Dragon with a bad brand
No, I didn't think of it.
You shouldn't even have created the secret order of Senluo Hall
You haven't seen
That's because you're not qualified
Hey I bah
You're still quibbling
Take a bad brand and run around to deceive
The leaders of the four major families in Hongcheng are here
Celebrities from all walks of life also witnessed
When are you going to hit?
No wonder you were so arrogant just now
So you put on the Governor
He also forged the secret order of Senluo Hall
If this secret is true
You are not qualified to do anything
Is it called General's Day to be on an equal footing with General Ye?
In my opinion, he must have used this false order
Confused the Governor
Bunch of rats
The frog at the bottom of the well knows the height of the sky
You're wrong, not equal
Just a handful of generals introduced
I can only stand in Ye Weiyang